Here are the list of bugs or issues faced by the teachers when they were using the app.

1. For the match the following question , there is an option to enter a question right. That is unnecessary please remove that, only the match input is enough.
2. Remove the OPtional questions button in the mcq widget, no need that option there.
3.Check if subquestions functionality is working properly, stress test it, find out the edge cases.
4. Improve home page loading, right now when we open the app the home page stays blank until the data loads then displays the data it is looking so odd.
5. after we create the questions , and during the ai polishing why is keyboard opening an dclosing .
6. Home page paper card, when we try to edit the questions i get an error could not find the correct provider teacher pattern bloc.....

see these are some bugs faced by the teachers. We are aimimng towards a stable app - production ready app. Dont fix these as temporary fixes, find out which is the best and professional scalable fix







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































and we shall fix it. we need to modify our architure also if needed